## Lesson 7. Styling the action bar, headers, and input field

### Step 15. Remove existing CSS

When you work with NativeScript and Vue.js, you can use application-wide CSS, scoped CSS, or inline CSS to style your app. Application-wide CSS is applied first and is handled in `app.css` in the root of your project. This tutorial does not explore application-wide CSS. See also: [Styling](https://docs.nativescript.org/ui-and-styling.html#css).

Scoped CSS is applied to the scope of the current `.vue` file only and is handled in its `<style scoped>` block. This tutorial relies almost exclusively on scoped CSS and inline CSS. See also: [Scoped CSS](https://vue-loader.vuejs.org/guide/scoped-css.html).

With type selectors, you can select a UI component and apply styling to it. To select a type, use the NativeScript component name as provided in the code. For example, to select the tab view, use `BottomNavigation`.

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** In `HelloWorld.vue`, scroll down to the `<style scoped>` block and delete all its contents.

<hr data-action="end" /> 

### Step 16. Style the action bar

Use NativeScript type selectors to change the color of the `<ActionBar>` component.

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** Inside of the `<style scoped>` block, set a new color for the `<ActionBar>`.

```CSS
ActionBar {
    background-color: #35495E;
}
```

<hr data-action="end" />

### Step 17. Create headers for the tabs

Use CSS classes to style the tab headers. You can use the `<Label>` components in the top-level `<GridLayout>` sections of your tabs to style tab-specific headers. 

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** In `HelloWorld.vue` > `<template>`, assign the `header` class to the first `<Label>` component in the first tab.

```HTML
<Label row="0" class="header" text="My Tasks" />
```

* **b.** In `HelloWorld.vue` > `<style scoped>`, set the background color, fonts, and padding for the `header` class.

```CSS
.header {
    background-color: #35495E;
    color: white;
    font-size: 34;
    font-weight: 600;
    padding: 0 15 15 15;
    margin: 0;
}
```

* **c.** In `HelloWorld.vue` > `<template>`, assign the `header` and `completed` classes to the first `<Label>` component in the second tab.

```HTML
<Label row="0" class="header completed" text="Completed Tasks" />
```

* **d.** In `HelloWorld.vue` > `<style scoped>`, set the background color for the `completed` class.

```CSS
.completed {
    background-color: #42B883;
}
```

<hr data-action="end" />

### Step 18. Style the input area

Use the NativeScript `TextField` type selector to style the entire input area. 

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** In `HelloWorld.vue` > `<style scoped>`, style the `<TextField>` component that acts as your input area.

```CSS
TextField {
    width: 100%;
    font-size: 17;
    color: black;
    placeholder-color: #C1C1C1;
    padding: 17;
    border-width: 0 0 1 0;
    border-color: #E0E0E0;
}
```

<hr data-action="end" />
