## Lesson 3. Basic app design

The `components` > `HelloWorld.vue` file holds both the design and the code-behind logic. The `<template>` block nests all user interface components.

The `<Page>` component is the top-level user interface element of every NativeScript-Vue app. All other user interface components are nested within.

The `<ActionBar>` component shows an action bar for the `<Page>`. A `<Page>` cannot contain more than one `<ActionBar>`.

Typically, after the `<ActionBar>`, you will have navigation components (such as a drawer or a tab view) or layout components. These components control the layout of your app and let you determine how to place other user interface components inside.

### Step 1. Modify the action bar

Retain the `<ActionBar>` widget in your code. You will use it in another lesson to create some iOS-specific styling of the status bar.

Use the `flat` property to remove the translucency of the widget on iOS and its default border on Android.

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** Change the title of the `<ActionBar>` and set the `flat` property to `true`.

```HTML
<ActionBar title=" " flat="true" />
```

<hr data-action="end" />

### Step 2. Create a two-tab app

Use the `<TabView>` component to create a two-tab app.

<hr data-action="start" />

#### Action

* **a.** Remove the default `<ScrollView>` section and all its contents that come with the template.<br/>`<ScrollView>` components are top-level layout containers for scrollable content.

> **TIP:**
> Saving at this point will cause the *Preview* app to crash. Save your changes at the end of the step.

* **b.** Drag and drop a `<TabView>` component in its place.<br/>When you drop the component, the Playground applies some code formatting, including taking care of indentation.
* **c.** Configure the height of the `<TabView>` to fill the screen (set it to 100%).
* **d.** Change the titles of the `<TabViewItem>` components and their contents to reflect their purpose.<br/>At this point, text content for the tabs is shown in `<Label>` components with no styling and formatting. Apply the `textWrap="true"` property to the respective `<Label>` components to improve the visualization of longer text.

<hr data-action="end" />

At the end of this lesson, your `<template>` block should resemble this sample:

```HTML
<template>
    <Page class="page">
        <!-- Having an ActionBar lets you change the status bar color on iOS, even if the ActionBar isn’t being used. -->
        <!-- See https://docs.nativescript.org/ui/change-status-bar-style-ios for details -->
        <ActionBar title=" " flat="true" />

        <TabView height="100%">
            <TabViewItem title="To Do">
                <Label text="This tab will list active tasks and will let users add new tasks."
                    textWrap="true" />
            </TabViewItem>
            <TabViewItem title="Completed">
                <Label text="This tab will list completed tasks for tracking."
                    textWrap="true" />
            </TabViewItem>
        </TabView>
    </Page>
</template>
```